[NARRATOR]
Try to imagine, if you would,
a life in which you could never
embrace the one you love
and never once feel
their skin against yours.
He takes the life's breath out
of anything he touches.
That was the curse the witch
so cruelly inflicted upon him.
Plants, animals, and people
are no exception, of course.
Regarding her son,
doomed to live his life
without knowing
the warmth of another,
his mother only complained.
[DUKE'S MOTHER] That child
is like Death incarnate.
[NARRATOR]
...she said.
[DUKE] I'm actually
going to see Mother.
Oh, there you are, Your Grace.
Good morning.
[DUKE]
Alice.
Good morning.
Today's the day you go to
the main residence, right?
How are you feeling about it?
Honestly, not great.
I don't know what she'll say
since I haven't
broken the curse yet.
Everything's going to be fine.
Your Grace?
I'll do what I can
to cheer you up.
While standing a
bit too close, as usual.
[DUKE]
I'm feeling a little anxious.
It's just that this
has never happened.
I've always let Rob handle
any correspondence
with the main residence.
Oh. Did he handle
the visits, as well?
Yes, it'll be my first time
back since moving here.
I haven't laid eyes on Mother
since I was a little boy.
I'm nervous, but that doesn't
mean I don't want to see her.
[ALICE]
I know what you mean.
Still...
Here's the truth.
What I wanted was to go to her
after I'd broken the curse.
The thought of her seeing me
and realizing nothing has
changed is hard to stomach.
Oh, Your Grace.
Looks like we're in for
a bit more snow today.
So it seems.
[DUKE] I hope the carriage
Mother's sending
will be all right.
[ALICE]
May I ask?
When you go, may I come with?
If it's not inconvenient.
[DUKE]
You'd do that? Alice.
Look, sure enough,
it's started snowing.
Yes, it is.
I wish it would snow hard enough
for me to cancel
this little trip.
[ALICE chuckles]
Well, I'm going to make
you some more tea.
[DUKE]
One thing's certain,
my love for Alice
hasn't changed.
I think it's time to tell Mother
about us when I see her.
And maybe, one day.
[CUFF] Wow, so he's gone
over to his family's place?
That surprises me.
[ZAIN]
He sure did.
And unfortunately,
Alice is gone, too.
Why did I even
bother coming here?
[ROB]
Pardon me for intruding.
But this is a trial.
[ZAIN]
What?!
[ROB]
And one day His Grace,
or rather the two of them,
I suppose.
Must try to find some way
to overcome it together.
What do you remember?
About your life on the estate?
My only real memories from
there are of playing the piano
or horsing around
the estate grounds.
What about you?
Oh, I only remember you,
Your Grace.
It certainly still is a
beautiful place, isn't it?
[VIOLA]
You finally made it.
And look, what a surprise,
you brought Alice, too.
Took your sweet time
getting here, didn't you?
[DUKE]
Sorry.
We had to wait out
the snowstorm.
What did Mother say? Anything?
Nope, nothing really.
She just said you
should come see her
as soon as you get here.
Alone, Dearest Brother.
By myself?
Well, if that's the case,
then I think I'll go and say
hello to all of the servants.
Yeah, you should!
I've already mentioned to
the maids that you'd swing by
and make an
appearance at some point.
Thank you, Lady Viola.
All right, Your Grace,
I'll see you later.
Best of luck with your mother!
Oh, you're leaving me?
Alice, my adorable Alice!
[VIOLA]
Jeez, you're annoying.
We're here.
This is Mother's room.
There's something I should
probably tell you first.
[DUKE]
Oh, okay.
I am the one who
blabbed to Mother
that Viola had been recently
going to see you at the villa.
That's most likely the reason
she called you here today.
Hey, don't worry about it.
You're quite
a gentleman, Walter.
You've got no business
complimenting me!
Sorry, my mistake.
And together,
you're double annoying.
Anyway, go and see her.
Go on.
We'll be right here waiting
for you whenever you finish up.
[knock, knock]
[DUKE'S MOTHER]
Come in.
I hope I'm not disturbing you.
[DUKE]
Mother.
It's been a long time.
Yes, it certainly has.
More than ten years have passed
since you were cursed,
and you still haven't
managed to break it?
[DUKE]
Uh... Forgive me.
But it seems it'll
take a little longer.
[DUKE'S MOTHER] It's already
late, so we'll speak tomorrow.
You may stay here tonight.
All right. But, um...
There's, uh...
something I'd like to tell you.
Didn't you hear what I said?
We'll speak of it tomorrow.
Forgive me.
Good night, then.
Hey, good job!
Mother was obviously
feeling kind today.
--For sure.
--That was kind?!
[VIOLA]
You've gotten too used
to the lovely way Rob and Alice
treat you, Dearest Brother.
That's the trouble with you
being brought up at the villa.
We'll take you
to your guest room.
[DUKE] So much for
telling Mother how I feel.
I wonder how Alice is doing.
[ELDERLY MAID]
My word!
Alice, look at how
much you've grown!
[VETERAN MAID A]
A true beauty, like Sharon was.
[VETERAN MAID B]
Such nice skin, just like her!
Oh. I appreciate that.
Thank you.
[ELDERLY MAID] I remember how,
after Sharon passed.
You were taken in
by some of your relatives.
And I constantly worried about
how you were getting on there.
I'm so sorry I couldn't do
anything for you then.
It wasn't that I didn't want to.
[ALICE]
Now I see.
[SHARON]
Oh, my precious Alice.
I will always protect you,
no matter what.
I love you!
[ELDERLY MAID] You're
going to be staying the night,
aren't you?
We'll put you in the room that
you and your mother used.
It's been all cleaned up,
nice and proper.
That would be wonderful.
[gasps]
Sharon?
[ELDERLY MAID]
Evening, Madam.
This is Alice,
Sharon's daughter.
She's come for a visit,
isn't that nice?
Oh. Right.
So, then... you must be
the maid from the villa.
Your black dress
looks exactly like hers.
Please just forget this.
She and Sharon
used to be so close.
They were much alike back then.
Around the same age,
always cheerful,
a number of common interests.
But unfortunately,
after Sharon passed away,
the lady of the house started
acting a bit differently.
[ALICE]
I see.
[SHARON]
Oh, my precious Alice.
I love you!
[knock, knock]
Yes?
Hey there.
[ALICE]
Oh, Your Grace.
I wanted to come see you.
So how was it?
The other servants
didn't give you
a hard time or anything,
did they?
[ALICE] No, they actually
treated me rather well.
They're all such warm,
friendly people.
Well, I'm glad to hear that.
What about you, Your Grace?
How did things go?
We only got
to speak very briefly,
but it was clear to me that
Mother hadn't changed at all.
She said we'd talk tomorrow
since it had gotten so late.
So, things felt pretty
normal between you two?
Well, yes, I guess.
That's wonderful.
It makes me so happy for you.
I know we've only been
apart for a few hours,
but I missed you.
I just had to see you.
What would you do
if I told you I did, too?
[DUKE]
Look at her.
She's so adorable!
I love her more with
every passing second!
No!
I can't handle this!
After being apart,
it's too hard!
She's too cute for my sanity
to hold out much longer!
Think I'll hit the hay.
Tomorrow,
Viola's going to take me
back to the place
where I was cursed,
so that should be a pretty
interesting field trip.
Oh, really? How exciting!
[DUKE]
Good night, Alice.
I'm really glad we could talk.
[ALICE]
Me too.
Good night, Your Grace.
Not enough, though.
It never is.
[VIOLA] So, what's it like being
back here after all this time?
Do you remember
anything from before?
Only bits and pieces.
I'm not trying to be rude, but
it's smaller than I remember.
When I was little,
it just seemed a lot bigger and
more imposing, you know?
Yeah, well, this place
still looks way nicer
than the villa does.
I don't know how
Rob and Alice do it.
Taking care of that enormous
place all by themselves.
I'm really grateful to them.
[VIOLA]
Okay, we're here.
This is it, right?
One of the servants
told me about it before.
That you were cursed right
in front of this grave.
There's no doubt about it.
This is the place.
This is where I was.
[DUKE]
It was springtime, and that day,
I was by myself,
looking for a four-leaf clover.
I was probably going
to give it to Alice.
[VIOLA]
Yeah, yeah. Then what?
[DUKE] Suddenly,
there was all this smoke,
and I couldn't see
anything around me.
Somebody grabbed me from behind.
And then...
No one shall love you,
and you shall love no one.
You shall live a
life full of misery.
[DUKE] Before I knew it,
I'd been cursed.
I'd almost forgotten
how it happened.
Being here brought it all back.
Yeah?
And do you
remember anything else?
[DUKE] Uh. Also, the
softness of her breasts
pressed against my back
and stuff. That's all.
Whatever.
Know what I heard?
Rob said you didn't
remember who Alice was,
which seems pretty crazy
if you ask me.
You've liked her since you were
kids, so how's that possible?
I'm not sure.
If I had to guess,
after the curse,
when I couldn't see
her anymore, I was lonely,
and the only way to stop hurting
was to purge her from my memory.
[VIOLA] Aw. Well,
it's great she's back
in your life now, huh?
[DUKE]
Mm-hmm.
[VIOLA]
Good grief.
Oh! Good morning, Mother.
We were just out for a walk.
Viola, you're too close.
He's dangerous.
Stay away from him.
And back in that same outfit.
Disgraceful.
No thought for me at all,
or our family.
You and I can have
our talk during dinner.
Take care not to be late.
Viola.
[VIOLA]
Don't worry about me.
I'm used to it.
Remember how
I told you that deep down
I wanted to live at the villa?
I guess I can never do that.
Neither can Walter,
for that matter.
I've realized being born
into this family means
we don't get to
live our own lives.
What we get
are comfortable lives,
and our names on a
distinguished family tree.
Oddly enough, you may be
the one who's better off.
[WALTER]
Imagine living your entire life
as the family's backup plan.
[DUKE'S MOTHER]
Why are you just standing there?
Come and sit down.
What I'd like to talk about
concerns this family.
As you are well aware,
the present head of
this house, your father,
has been hospitalized
for quite some time.
His condition fluctuates,
and his prognosis is poor.
If we do nothing and wait until
the worst happens to him,
it'll be too late, so we must
make a decision ahead of time
regarding whether you
or Walter shall be his heir.
Do you understand?
Yes, ma'am, I do.
You must break your
curse by the Spring.
If you cannot,
then I shall make Walter
the heir and be done with it.
Is that clear?
Perfectly.
I'll do it by Spring
at the latest.
[DUKE'S MOTHER]
That's all I have to say.
You may go home when
you're finished eating.
Pardon me, Mother,
but there's something else
I'd like to discuss.
What could that be?
It's regarding Alice,
the maid at the villa.
Actually, she's here
with me today
because she asked
if she could come along.
I met her last night.
Sharon's girl.
She's every bit as lovely
as her mother was.
Right? She's gorgeous!
[DUKE]
Oh, uh...
Excuse me.
I often talked with her mother
when she was employed here.
She was a truly
wonderful person.
Never stopped smiling.
I still miss her to this day.
But unlike their looks,
it appears their personalities
aren't so similar.
I admit Alice is
cool and reserved,
but she's a really great
person and very talented!
And she's got these
cute little mannerisms
and I can't even--
she's perfect!
You're creeping me out.
I see. You like the girl.
[DUKE] Well, yes, which is
why I'm here before you
asking for approval, Mother.
I know it's unconventional,
but one day soon,
I hope she and I--
[DUKE'S MOTHER]
Is this a joke?
Or have you forgotten
you're still the possible heir
to the family's title?
Stop talking such nonsense.
Focus on finding a way
to break your curse.
You were born into aristocracy.
You know you're not free
to love whoever you wish.
Particularly not a lowly little
peasant of a house maid.
Even jokes have their limits.
You think this is a joke?
No!
I meant every word.
Seriously, who could joke about
something as important as
who they're going
to share their life with?
You locked me away in that villa
and then you made
no attempt over the years
to get to know me at all.
Now you think you have a right
to shackle my emotions?
How can you possibly
disapprove of me
loving someone
wonderful like Alice?
You know what, that
sweet soul has always acted
like she couldn't care less
about my stupid curse!
She treats me like any
other normal human being!
This obsession
with class and lineage.
When will you learn
that none of that matters?
Alice was the one person in
this world who tried to save me
from the miserable darkness
that engulfed me!
Believe me when I say,
if it wasn't for her,
I'd already be dead!
Stop thinking about our family
in terms of titles and heirs.
And spend a little more time
about thinking of your children!
I'm doing it. I'm doing it!
I will be marrying Alice!
[DUKE] Walter, Viola,
and I are your children.
We live and breathe.
We're not your things.
[DUKE]
Now I'll take my leave.
[VIOLA]
Wait for me, Dearest Brother.
I'll see you to the door.
[WALTER]
Me, too.
[BUTLER]
Madam?
You can leave them be.
Well now, where's the boy
who was so gentle and meek?
He finally found the nerve
to stand up to me.
My, how he's grown.
I wish I could've
delivered it more eloquently.
It's fine.
I mean it was quite a shock,
but it was priceless.
Is something the matter,
Your Grace?
No! Everything is just fine!
I simply didn't care much
for the dish they served
at dinner this evening.
[ALICE]
Oh, I see.
Shall we go home, then?
Head back to your house?
Yes, let's go.
Back to our house, Alice.
Yes.
[ROB] So, the reason the lady
of the house summoned you
was to order you
to break your curse
by spring at the latest, eh?
Yes, that's right.
If not, Walter inherits
the family title.
She made that incredibly clear.
[ROB]
Interesting.
Now then, since I've
gotten rid of all my cards,
I believe I shall
turn in for the night.
[DUKE]
All right.
Thanks for watching the
house while we were gone.
Get some well-deserved rest.
So, what would you like to do?
Were you thinking of another
round of cards, perhaps?
Well, if just the two
of us play Old Maid,
then we'll know
where all the cards are.
Then how about a
different kind of game?
Cards are good!
I'm happy playing cards!
Listen, Alice, the truth is,
I told my mother that
I loved you tonight.
[ALICE]
And what did she say to that?
[DUKE]
Nothing.
It doesn't matter.
But I don't regret it.
I mean, I would've had to
tell her at some point.
You're my love.
And I don't care
what anyone says.
It's the truth,
and it always has been.
[ALICE]
Go on, pick a card.
If you pick the king,
you'll win this, Your Grace.
Come now, Mister Indecisive,
"both" is not an option.
You did it! You won.
This is how it should be.
Oh, no, it's not!
You've taught me so much.
The list is endless.
Most of all, you've
taught me how to love.
So, dear Alice, I pledge:
You'll have my love now
and for the rest of
our lives together.
[ALICE]
I love you. Your Grace.